I've made mistakes costs so much damage
I was following the wrong path darkness
my mind is clear I'm not going to kill
only Salvage Worcester Tucker you see
sister supposed to protect her
[Music]
where's my daughter
violent where the hell is doc
does she know who she is or should I say
what she is
[Music]
we have to kill him sounds good
[Applause]
Faden full jabber setups I like you jack
these people are lucky to have you it
just feels like you showing up was meant
to be somehow
how far down the rabbit hole you want to
go I'm not stopping till I find him you
know that way damn straight
[Music]
stuff
I'm Vanessa
Vanessa Vanessa
[Music]
you